Update README with quick-start guide (#68)
HubSpot/ui-extensions-examples: README.md

> - Your HubSpot account must be enrolled in CRM development tools public beta. You can enrol by visiting [Product Updates > Betas](https://app.hubspot.com/l/whats-new/betas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your HubSpot account must be enrolled in CRM development tools public beta. You can enrol by visiting [Product Updates > Betas](https://app.hubspot.com/product-updates/42399192/in-beta?query=crm&update=13899236).
```

In the folder where you want a sample to be cloned, create a new project by running `hs project create --templateSource="HubSpot/ui-extensions-examples"`. Give it a name, specify a project directory, and select a sample you'd like to run in your account.

### Step 3: Install dependencies

Now in the CLI, `cd` into your project directory such as `cd <project_dir>`. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies for this project.

### Step 4: Configure and upload the project

Follow project-specific instructions in the project folder README file. You might need to set up additional environmental variables and provide test data.

Run `hs project upload`. If you’d like to build on this project, run `hs project dev` to kickoff the dev process and see changes reflected locally as you build.

## Lockfiles

It's best practice to generate package lockfiles before uploading projects. This will help prevent running out of file descriptors during the build, and streamline subsequent builds. To generate a lockfile for a project, either install the project locally using `npm install` or generate the lockfile only using `npm install --package-lock-only`.

## Get started with developer project

> UI extensions are createing using developer projects that are part of CRM development beta. Read [Quick Start guide](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/platform/projects-quick-start-guide) for developer projects for instructions to get started.

Reviewer: created

> UI extensions are createing using developer projects that are part of CRM development beta. Read [Quick Start guide](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/platform/projects-quick-start-guide) for developer projects for instructions to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI extensions are created using developer projects that are part of CRM development beta. Read [Quick Start guide](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/platform/projects-quick-start-guide) for developer projects for instructions to get started.
```
